## Description

Coding test - Backend

## TODO

As you can see in the source code, this is a hello world exampe from the NestJS framework.
We want to expand it a little bit and add some functionalities.

- First we want to create a new mongoDB with Docker. For this you can create a Dockerfile or directly use the docker-compose.yml.
- Install all needed packages to the project in order to use mongoDB properly in you're application.
- After that, create a new nestJS module called "cats"
- The "cats" module should be able to handle the following requests:
- - GET show all cats
- - POST insert new cat
- - DELETE remove a cat
- Make sure, that you're module is using the following schema (but of course, you can be more creative :)):

```
  name => string
  age => number
  gender => string
```

- The id should be generated by mongoDB.  
- Make sure, that you add all needed controllers, providers, modules, services, schemas and dto's, so you can read and write from and to your mongoDB and handle the requests properly.
- Everything can be done via request's, no need for a fancy UI.

Push everything into a seperate branch.

Thats it! Happy coding :).

## BONUS

If all above was too easy for you, here are some points to spice it up a lil:

- create unit tests for all your implementations
- already used ENUMS for gender?
- add passport and choose a strategy to only allow certain users to add new cats
- implement a XSS parser, so we dont end up with scripts from some bad guys in our cats collection :).

Feel free do add as much as you like.

## Installation

```bash
$ yarn
```

## Running the app

```bash
$ yarn start
```
